Set up CI with Azure Pipelines (#1631)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/contributing/style_guide.rst

* **Experimental methods should log an experimental warning when called**: "Warning: some_method is experimental. Methods, APIs, and core behavior may change in the future."
* **Experimental classes should log an experimental warning when initialized**: "Warning: great_expectations.some_module.SomeClass is experimental. Methods, APIs, and core behavior may change in the future."
* **Docstrings are highly recommended**. We use the Sphinx's `Napoleon extension <http://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/ext/napoleon.html>`__ to build documentation from Google-style docstrings.

> * **Lint your code**. Our CI system will check using ``black`` and ``isort``.

Reviewer: I'm not clear on how linting currently works. I haven't been linting, and that doesn't seem to have raised any issues.

Author: You probably have been either perfectly writing well-formatted code or are using an IDE that lints magically for you?

Reviewer: Either way, I appear to be magical.

  - Linting with ``isort`` *MUST* occur from a virtual environment that has all required packages installed, and pre-commit uses the virtual environment from which it was installed, whether or not that environment is active when making the commit. So, **before running ``pre-commit install`` ensure you have activated a virtual environment that has all development requirements installed**.

    .. code-block:: bash

        pre-commit uninstall
        # ACTIVATE ENV, e.g.: conda activate pre_commit_env OR source pre_commit_env/bin/activate
        pip install -r requirements-dev.txt
        pre-commit install --install-hooks

>   - To manually run the linter in your environment, for example if you have already committed files that are rejected by the linting test, you can run tests manually:

Reviewer: Non-blocking: I read this sentence three times and I still don't understand it.

Author: ```suggestion
  - If you have already committed files but are seeing errors during the continuous integration tests, you can run tests manually:
```

Author: Please commit above if it addresses the question...
